.\" Manpage for sipcracker.
.\" Contact pepeluxx@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH SIPCRACK 1 "11 Dec 2019" "version 2.0.3" "sipcracker man page"
.SH NAME
\fBsipcracker\fR \- is very fast scanner for SIP services over UDP. It uses multithread and can scan large ranges of networks

\fBsipcracker\fR is part of SIPPTS suite: https://github.com/Pepelux/sippts
.SH SYNOPSIS
nuseradd [USERNAME]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsipcracker\fR is a remote password cracker for SIP services. Sipcrack can test passwords for several users in different IPs and port ranges.

\fBsipcracker\fR allows us to:
 - Test remotely a list of users and passwords using REGISTER method.
 - Test users and passwords on a network range.
 - Use a prefix for extensions range (maybe user and extension is not the same).
 - Connect over UDP or TCP protocol.
 - Try UDP and TCP at the same time.
 - Resume a previous session.
 - Analyze responses using verbose mode.
 - Allow us to customize the UserAgent.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-h \fR\fIhost\fR
.RS 4
Target host. This parameter is mandatory. You can use:
 - a host (like sip.myserver.com).
 - an IP address (like 192.168.1.2).
 - a network (like 192.168.0/24).
 - several hosts separated by commas (like 192.168.1.1,192.168.1.2,192,168.1.200).
 - a range (like 192.168.1.1-192.168.1.200).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-w \fR\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Wordlist. This parameter is mandatory.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-e \fR\fIextension\fR
.RS 4
Extension to scan. This parameter is mandatory. You can use:
 - an exten (like 200).
 - a range (like 200-300).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-cd \fR\fIcontact_domain\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the value for contact domain. This is the domain used in the contact header. If not specified, the value (1.1.1.1) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-d \fR\fIdomain\fR
.RS 4
Sets the value for domain. This value is used in the SIP URI, FROM header and TO header. If not specified, the host IP address is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-l \fR\fIlocal_port\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a local port number. If not specified, the sip port (5070) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-r \fR\fIremote_port\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a port number to contact. If not specified, the sip port (5060) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-proto \fR\fIprotocol\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a protocol to be scanned. You can use this tool to scan UDP or TCP services. If not specified, both protocols will be scanned.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-ua \fR\fIuser_agent\fR
.RS 4
Customize the user-agent value. If not specified, the value (pplsip) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-db \fR
.RS 4
Use this param if you wish to save results into a sqlite database. The database name is sippts.db.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-v \fR
.RS 4
Verbose mode (trace information).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-vv \fR
.RS 4
More verbose mode (more detailed trace).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-version \fR
.RS 4
Shows running version.
.RE
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Jose Luis Verdeguer (pepeluxx@gmail.com)