.\" Manpage for sipdigestleak.
.\" Contact pepeluxx@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH SIPDIGESTLEAK 1 "11 Dec 2019" "version 2.0.3" "sipdigestleak man page"
.SH NAME
\fBsipdigestleak\fR \- exploits the SIP digest leak vulnerability present in several devics

\fBsipdigestleak\fR is part of SIPPTS suite: https://github.com/Pepelux/sippts
.SH SYNOPSIS
nuseradd [USERNAME]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsipdigestleak\fR exploits the vulnerability discovered by Sandro Gauci that affects a large number of hardware and software devices. The description of the vulnerability is here: https://resources.enablesecurity.com/resources/sipdigestleak-tut.pdf

The goal is to make a call to a telephone device (by a INVITE message). When in the other side someone answer the call, there will be no audio and then he or she will hang up. Then we will receive a BYE message. Next we will send a 407 proxy authentication required. If the telephone device is vulnerable, it will response with another BYE message that will include an authentication response.

Having the response we can try to obtain the password by a bruteforce attack on our local machine.

Script                                                         Phone
      ---> INVITE                                          ---> 
      <--- 100 Trying                                      <---
      <--- 180 Ringing                                     <---
      <--- 200 OK                                          <---
      ---> ACK                                             --->
      <--- BYE                                             <---
      ---> 407 Proxy Authentication Required (with digest) ---> 
      <--- BYE (with digest response)                      <---
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-h \fR\fIhost\fR
.RS 4
Target host. This parameter is mandatory.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-fu \fR\from_user\fR
.RS 4
Sets the value for FROM USER. This value is used ad the caller number. If not specified, the value (100) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-fn \fR\fIfrom_name\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the value for FROM NAME. This value is used as CALLERID.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-tu \fR\fIto_user\fR
.RS 4
Sets the value for TO USER. This value is used ad the callee number. This parameter is mandatory.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-l \fR\fIlocal_port\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a local port number. If not specified, the sip port (5070) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-r \fR\fIremote_port\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a port number to contact. If not specified, the sip port (5060) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-ua \fR\fIuser_agent\fR
.RS 4
Customize the user-agent value. If not specified, the value (pplsip) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-sd \fR\fIfilename\fR
.RS 4
Save data in a file with SIPDump format. This is useful to use it with sipcrack.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-v \fR
.RS 4
Verbose mode (trace information).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-version \fR
.RS 4
Shows running version.
.RE
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Jose Luis Verdeguer (pepeluxx@gmail.com)