.\" Manpage for sipexten.
.\" Contact pepeluxx@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH SIPEXTEN 1 "10 Dec 2019" "version 2.0.0" "sipexten man page"
.SH NAME
\fBsipexten\fR \identifies extensions on a SIP server. Sipexten can check large network and port ranges.

\fBsipexten\fR is part of SIPPTS suite: https://github.com/Pepelux/sippts
.SH SYNOPSIS
nuseradd [USERNAME]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsipexten\fR allows us to:
 - Identify extensions on a SIP server.
 - Scan large ranges of networks.
 - Scan large ranges of extensions.
 - Connect over UDP or TCP protocol.
 - Try UDP and TCP at the same time.
 - It tells you if the extension line requires authentication or not.
 - Analyze responses using verbose mode.
 - Allow us to customize the UserAgent.
 - It is possible to save all operations into a database.
 - It is possible to run it in silent mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-h \fR\fIhost\fR
.RS 4
Target host. This parameter is mandatory. You can use:
 - a host (like sip.myserver.com).
 - an IP address (like 192.168.1.2).
 - a network (like 192.168.0/24).
 - several hosts separed by commas (like 192.168.1.1,192.168.1.2,192,168.1.200).
 - a range (like 192.168.1.1-192.168.1.200).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-m \fR\fImethod\fR
.RS 4
Method used for the SIP message: \fBREGISTER\fR/\fBINVITE\fR/\fBOPTIONS\fR. If not specified, the method (\fBOPTIONS\fR) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-e \fR\fIexten(s)\fR
.RS 4
Range of extensions to scan. you can use an indivisual extensions or a range separated with a '-'. If not specified, the range (100-300) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-fu \fR\from_user\fR
.RS 4
Sets the value for FROM USER. This value is used ad the caller number. If not specified, the value (100) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-fn \fR\fIfrom_name\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the value for FROM NAME. This value is used as CALLERID.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-tu \fR\fIto_user\fR
.RS 4
Sets the value for TO USER. This value is used ad the callee number. If not specified, the value (100) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-tn \fR\fIto_name\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the value for TO NAME.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-cd \fR\fIcontact_domain\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the value for contact domain. This is the domain used in the contact header. If not specified, the value (1.1.1.1) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-d \fR\fIdomain\fR
.RS 4
Sets the value for domain. This value is used in the SIP URI, FROM header and TO header. If not specified, the host IP address is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-l \fR\fIlocal_port\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a local port number. If not specified, the sip port (5070) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-r \fR\fIremote_port\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a port number to contact. If not specified, the sip port (5060) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-proto \fR\fIprotocol\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a protocol to be scanned. You can use this tool to scan UDP or TCP services. If not specified, both protocols will be scanned.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-ua \fR\fIuser_agent\fR
.RS 4
Customize the user-agent value. If not specified, the value (pplsip) is used.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-db \fR
.RS 4
Use this param if you wish to save results into a sqlite database. The database name is sippts.db.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-nolog \fR
.RS 4
Using this param the program runs in silence mode. No logs will be printed in the console.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-v \fR
.RS 4
Verbose mode (trace information).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-vv \fR
.RS 4
More verbose mode (more detailed trace).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-version \fR
.RS 4
Shows running vesion.
.RE
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Jose Luis Verdeguer (pepeluxx@gmail.com)