#summary Sipinvite tool

Sipinvite checks if a server allow us to make calls without authentication. If the SIP server has a bad configuration, it will allows us to make calls to external numbers. Also it can allow us to transfer the call to a second external number.

For example, if your Asterisk server has a bad context configuration, you can accept INVITE request with no authorization required. On this case an attacker can make calls without know no user/pass.

= Features =
Sipinvite allows us to:
  * Test remotely if a SIP server require authentication to make calls.
  * Make calls without auth if the server has a bad configuration.
  * Transfer established calls to a second number (1).
  * Alter the Callerid if the server allows it.
  * Analyze responses using verbose mode.

(1) If you can send an INVITE through a bad configured server and the call sound on the target number, it is possible to send a second message (a REFER on this case) to transfer the call to another number:

{{{
SipINVITE                     SIP Server                      Phone1              Phone2
         ---> INVITE      ---> 
                                        ---> INVITE      --->
                                        <--- 100 Trying  <---
         <--- 100 Trying  <---
                                        <--- 180 Ringing <---
         <--- 180 Ringing <---
                                        <--- 200 Ok      <---
         <--- 200 Ok      <---
         ---> ACK         ---> 
         <--- 200 Ok      <---
         ---> REFER       ---> 
                                        --->           INVITE                --->
         <--- 202 Accept  <---
                                                              <--->  RTP Session <--->
}}}

= Usage =
{{{
$ perl sipinvite.pl 

SipINVITE - by Pepelux <pepeluxx@gmail.com>
---------

Usage: perl sipinvite.pl -h <host> -d <dst_number> [options]
 
== Options ==
-d  <integer>    = Destination number
-u  <string>     = Username to authenticate
-p  <string>     = Password to authenticate
-s  <integer>    = Source number (CallerID) (default: 100)
-r  <integer>    = Remote port (default: 5060)
-t  <integer>    = Transfer call to another number
-ip <string>     = Source IP (by default it is the same as host)
-v               = Verbose (trace information)
}}}

= Examples =
  * Trying to make a call to exten 100 (without auth)
{{{
$perl sipinvite.pl -h 192.168.0.1 -d 100
}}}
  * Trying to make a call to exten 100 (with auth)
{{{
$perl sipinvite.pl -h 192.168.0.1 -u sipuser -p supersecret -d 100 -r 5080
}}}
  * Trying to make a call to number 555555555 (without auth) with source number 200
{{{
$perl sipinvite.pl -h 192.168.0.1 -s 200 -d 555555555 -v
}}}
  * Trying to make a call to number 555555555 (without auth) and tranfer it to number 666666666
{{{
$perl sipinvite.pl -h 192.168.0.1 -d 555555555 -t 666666666
}}}
  * Trying to make a call to number 555555555 (without auth) using callerid 123456789 and tranfer it to number 666666666
{{{
$perl sipinvite.pl -h 192.168.0.1 -d 555555555 -t 666666666 -s 123456789
}}}